>> Estelle Weyl: So for
everyone the slides are going
to be at estell.github.io/cssmastery.
So let me just go to the first deck, and
here is the link right there.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
this talk has a few names, CSS for
Novice to Ninja, CSS in Depth Version 2.
I've kind of changed the name to CSS
Mastery, I don't know what it says online.
I'd like to talk a little about
myself before I get started.
My name is Estelle Weyl,
I tweet at the handle
estellevw, my blog is at standardista.com.
It says early release, but
the book has been released.
I co-authored this.
Erik Meyer is,
he's not the godfather of CSS
because godfather to me reminds me of
the movie, and he hasn't murdered anyone.
He's more of the Oprah, trying to
encourage and share knowledge, so
he's the Oprah of CSS.
So this is available if you wanna read it,
if you need
a seat for your kid to be able to reach
the table, if you need a door stop.
And it is not actually the definitive
guide, there is stuff we were not able to
reach but we had a book that
you could actually open.
Okay, so in this deck that you've seen
just now with the snowflakes, and
the snowman, or snow person,
we have used lot of CSS properties.
There's selectors, I selected
the snow flakes to make the drop.
There's linear gradients,
it goes from blue to white because
it always snows when it's sunny out.
There's opacity, some of the snowflakes
were darker than the others.
There's RGBA colors,
a as in alpa transparency.
I used border radius,
those snowflakes were round.
I used transforms, they spun.
And I used transitions and animations.
And I used a text shadow in the deck, this
has text shadow, a few of them actually.
And I actually removed the fonts, so I'm
not using any special fonts in this deck.
And in fact that snowman
right there is one element,
it's a div, and that is not an image.
It is done with, it is an image,
it's done with CSS images,
I did not pull in anything else.
And I'll cover that a little bit.